Add Met Office Installation Method (#1692)
ESMValGroup/ESMValCore: doc/quickstart/install.rst

-  Test that your installation was successful by running
   ``esmvaltool -h``.

Pre-installed versions on HPC clusters / other servers
------------------------------------------------------

> You will find the tool available on some HPC clusters, so there is no need to install it
> yourself if you are just running recipes:

Reviewer: Would it be possible to use the same text as the ESMValTool version?
```suggestion
ESMValCore is available on the HPC clusters CEDA-JASMIN and DKRZ-Levante, and on the Met Office Linux
estate, so there is no need to install ESMValCore if you are just running recipes:
```

Reviewer 2: Technically, the Core itself is not installed as a module. I'm not sure how conveniently one could use the Core functionalities through this "module load esmvaltool" but I could be wrong. I think that is why we kept it general here, e.g. "the tool is available..." but we could follow this suggestion if you like. I don't have a strong opinion on this.

Reviewer: I have updated the suggestion so that it refers to ESMValTool. Although, would it be worth removing this section in favour of the ESMValTool section, given this section doesn't refer to ESMValCore?

Reviewer 2: Your suggestion and removing this section from the Core documentation work both for me. Perhaps it's simpler and fine to keep it with the change that you're suggesting 👍

Reviewer: I have a strong preference for removing this section, to reduce duplication and maintanence effort (this PR wouldn't have been needed then!) 😉 If you think this section is needed in the ESMValCore documentation, we could instead link to the ESMValTool documentation from this section?

Reviewer 2: I agree, that would be the best thing to do 👍 We should just keep the title and the existing note, nothing else. I will suggest these new changes in a review. @mo-tgeddes, very sorry for dragging you into this 😄

> You will find the tool available on some HPC clusters, so there is no need to install it
> yourself if you are just running recipes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 
>  - CEDA-JASMIN: `esmvaltool` is available on the scientific compute nodes (`sciX.jasmin.ac.uk` where
>    `X = 1, 2, 3, 4, 5`) after login and module loading via `module load esmvaltool`; see the helper page at
>    `CEDA <https://help.jasmin.ac.uk/article/4955-community-software-esmvaltool>`__ ;
>  - DKRZ-Levante: `esmvaltool` is available on login nodes (`levante.dkrz.de`) after login and module loading
>    via `module load esmvaltool`; the command `module help esmvaltool` provides some information about the module.
>  - Met Office: `esmvaltool` is available on the Linux estate after login and 
>    module loading via `module load`; see the ESMValTool Community of Practice 
>    SharePoint site for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>     If you would like to use pre-installed versions on HPC clusters (currently CEDA-JASMIN and DKRZ-Levante),
>     please have a look at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like to use pre-installed versions on HPC clusters (currently CEDA-JASMIN and DKRZ-Levante),
and other servers (currently Met Office Linux estate), please have a look at
```

-  Test that your installation was successful by running
   ``esmvaltool -h``.

Pre-installed versions on HPC clusters / other servers
------------------------------------------------------

> You will find the tool available on HPC clusters and there will be no need to install it
> yourself if you are just running diagnostics:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will find the tool available on some HPC clusters, so there is no need to install it
yourself if you are just running recipes:
```

   `CEDA <https://help.jasmin.ac.uk/article/4955-community-software-esmvaltool>`__ ;
 - DKRZ-Levante: `esmvaltool` is available on login nodes (`levante.dkrz.de`) after login and module loading
   via `module load esmvaltool`; the command `module help esmvaltool` provides some information about the module.
 - Met Office: esmvaltool is available on the Linux estate after login and 
   module loading via module load; see the ESMValTool Community of Practice 
   SharePoint site for more details.

.. note::

>     If you would like to use pre-installed versions on HPC clusters (currently CEDA-JASMIN and DKRZ-MISTRAL),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you would like to use pre-installed versions on HPC clusters (currently CEDA-JASMIN and DKRZ-Levante),
```
Would you mind changing this in this PR? I totally forgot to edit this line when replacing Mistral (retired machine) by Levante in the documentation.

   `CEDA <https://help.jasmin.ac.uk/article/4955-community-software-esmvaltool>`__ ;
 - DKRZ-Levante: `esmvaltool` is available on login nodes (`levante.dkrz.de`) after login and module loading
   via `module load esmvaltool`; the command `module help esmvaltool` provides some information about the module.

>  - Met Office: esmvaltool is available on the Linux estate after login and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Met Office: `esmvaltool` is available on the Linux estate after login and 
```
